Minutes 15.11.2021
===

## Agenda

- Distribution of work
- PCB design of the HoloCubic
- Design of the safe
- Design of the battery
- Software
- Preparation for the coming Thu

## Distribution of work

Everyone should focus on a certain aspect:

- Hardware of HoloCubic - **Fedy**

- Construction of the safe - **Lathif**

- HoloCubic 2048 software - **Terry / Wang**

- Communication between hardware (battery detection, safe unlock, status report to central control, etc.) - **Terry / Wang**

## HoloCubic PCB

Terry made a preliminary BOM list for the HoloCubic

Unsure whether all the required components are included. Availability of the components, correctness of the specification/ packaging still need double check.

Fedy will double confirm these by comparing the BOM with the reference design.

## Safe

Requirements:
- ESP32 to detect the battery
- Unlock by HoloCubic or password

Existing safe in the escape room:
- Wooden box with transparent cover
- Locked by password pad

By reusing it the HoloCubic can show the password after players win the 2048 game. Alternatively the HoloCubic can send an command to the safe to unlock it directly.

## Battery

Design:
- An medium-size box.
- With a ESP32 and a USB cable
- When connected, send identification data to the MCU

## Software Tools

**Altium Designer** is required to view/modify the reference design. Student account can get a 6-month trial, which is enough for this course.

## Preparation for the coming meeting

- A more concrete and technical plan of the puzzle (presentation)

- BOM list

Terry will prepare the powerpoint and let everyone to check beforehand

## Next Meeting

Date: 18.11.2021 15:15

Location: TBD (Lathif will find a place)

