# Progress Update - 20220127 - 20220203

# Summary of Progress

The puzzle logic is completed. Hardware will still need some decorations and improvement before installing into the escape room. 

## HoloCube

### PCB

Unable to drive up the IMU on the PCB. As an alternative, Wang's own ESP32 development board is being used to build a new one, with a MPU6050 chip soldered exclusively under the board. New chassis was also be printed out.

The hardware is completed and being tested in the escape room.

### Software

During the test in the escape room, it was found that the unlock command couldn't always be sent successfully. One reason is that the connection to the MQTT broker would lose from time to time. A reconnection mechanism is made to improve it.

## Charger Box / Electric Box's Battery Dock

### Assembly of charger box/ battery dock

Both the charger box and battery dock are wired and fully functional.

### Software Development

The whole device logic on both devices are finished, including all MQTT messages handling.

The charging process has minor change: Instead of simply put a fully charged battery into the electric box, the battery will take some time to charge-up the electric box. This change make the puzzle a bit more intuitive.

### Decorations

Lathif will order fluorescent tapes and print some images to be glued on the devices.

## MQTT Specification

Updated the payload according to the specification of the operator UI. They're implemented in the devices accordingly.

Still waiting confirmation on the MQTT puzzle reset messages.

## AR Hint

The text hint "The bored technician made the 2048 game on the HoloCube to bypass the safe's lock..." is suggested to Sachin Dominic.

## Room Setup

Installed USB chargers inside the safe box. Also drilled an additional hole from the safe box to provide an USB cable for powering the HoloCube.

No socket on the table next to the server room. Need to arrange with Benjamin.

## Remaining Tasks

- [ ] Decorations on all the devices and the safe
- [ ] Seal the charger and the electric box with glue and screws
- [ ] Install the electric box on the table next to the server room (no socket at the moment)
- [ ] Debug the HoloCube (sometimes the cube fails to send the MQTT message to the broker, maybe the connection is lost. Need to add reconnection mechanism)
- [ ] Try to use battery to power the HoloCube instead of usb cable
- [ ] Glue the prism
- [ ] Finalize the MQTT messages to reset the puzzle
