# Progress Update: 20211209 - 20211215

## Puzzle Design

Terry:

New puzzle flow is proposed to give a more reasonable reason to return the battery to the original position and avoid manual house-keeping:

Instead of exchanging the batteries, there will be only 1 discharged battery in the electric box. Players have to put it into the  charging station, charge it for a short while, and then put it back.

By this flow the battery will end up at the original place so no house keeping will be required.

Altered plot:

- We're in the future! The emergency battery is made of nuclear material, which is in very small size but yet powerful enough to supply the whole  control room for a while
- Since the power source is dangerous, the charging station is protected by a lock to prevent accident or misuse

Additional material required:

- Battery level indicator (LEDs) in the electric box and the charging station

## Documentation

Terry & Lathif:

Drafted a readme file showing the latest puzzle design overview. To be pushed to main branch after review on 16/12.

## HoloCubic

### PCB

Fedy: PCB layout is finalized. Submitted to Dr. Scholl for ordering

### Case of the HoloCubic

Fedy: 3D model of the case is done and sent to Völker for printing

### Software Development

Wang:

The 2048 game is proved controllable by BLE serial commands.

## Charger Box (formerly called charging station)

Terry:

Renamed charging station to charger box

### Box

Decided to avoid hardware change of the wooden box. However, the firmware of the box has to be updated to coordinate with the puzzle.

Will have to inspect the firmware of the box. Terry or Lathif will be in charge.

### Decorations

Drafted some simple signs to be placed around the charger box to hint players:

- A sign marking the wooden box as "Nuclear Charger Box"
- A note to be pasted next to the HoloCubic, prompting players that they can use it to unlock the charger box

### Battery Level Indicator

With regard to the new puzzle flow, a battery level indicator has to be added to the box. Possible forms of indicator are:

1. A additional 1602 LCD (more appealing, but we didn't order LCD)
2. A few simple LED blubs (simple to make, likely available in the lab)

## Electric Box

Also need an additional battery level indicator.

Terry: Need to confirm on 16/12 whether our team have to decorate the cupboard to make it like a electric box. If so, we'll need to plan and gather the decoration materials.