# Progress Update: 20211201 - 20211208

## Puzzle Design

After the trial, question about the motivation for players to exchange 2 batteries is raised. Also, the power of the control room should be resumed after the new battery is placed into the electric box, and the radio for puzzle #3 will start right away.

New proposal by Terry is to allow the HoloCubic to display a hint related to puzzle #3 after players put back the old battery and close the charging station. Will discuss with team 3 during the lab session on 9/12.

## Github Collaboration

Starting to use Github's Project, Issues and Pull Request to collaborate and keep track of the progress.

Terry posted the guideline:

- When pushing something, please let someone to review beforehand unless it is too trivial
- Create new branch, pull request and assign reviewer as necessary. Forking is not required as we have all rights of the repo.
- Keep clean history by working on separated branch. Sort-out the commits before pulling to main branch. Avoid many tiny commits on main

## Documentation

Lathif: Drafting a readme file. To be done on 9/12

Terry: BOM excel updated according to the latest change

## HoloCubic

### PCB

Terry, Fedy:

Further update of the layout is required after reviewing and testing some arrived components:

- CP2102N has stricter voltage requirements. Additional voltage divider is required. (Details discussed on Matrix)
- Change MPU6050 to MPU9250, which has a smaller footprint and different pin 1 connection

The latest schematics and PCB layout are uploaded to github.

8/12: The geber files are sent to Dr. Scholl for review and order.

### Software Development

Wang: Successfully display image on the LCD using lvgl. Unable to test the IMU control as the IMU breakout board failed to connect to the development board. Will find other control interface for the moment in order to test the 2048 game first.

## Charging station

2 proposed unlock mechanism after finishing the 2048 game:

- The HoloCubic send a command to the station and unlock the box directly (More technical; intuitive)
- The HoloCubic shows the password of the box (Less dependency; more works for players to do)