# Report After Actual Run 2022.02.10

## Digest of our situation and the discussions between 2.10 - 2.28

**Problems we hit on 09/10.02:** 

1. The alternative HoloCube using ICQUANZX T-Camera ESP32-DOWDQ6 was  finished but the cable of the screen was broken during transport.
2. The joystick version was made working on 10.02 actually. However, a  loose cable spoiled it until we figured it out at the end of the  session.

**Upcoming plan:** 

1. At minimum, we'll finish the joystick version. Just need to improve the code to further stabilize the joystick control.

2. The alternative version of HoloCube using ICQUANZX T-Camera  ESP32-DOWDQ6 will be repaired. The replacement ESP board has arrived and tested working. Just need to solder wires to the GY-521 breakout.

3. For the 2nd version of the PCB, there are 3 problems:

   1. The MPU9250  doesn't work. Suspected to be a soldering issue, but the footprint is  too small for fixing.
   2. We run out of 24-pin FFC connector, so the LCD  cannot be mounted on the extension board. 
   3. The 3D-printed chassis is  too small to fit the PCBs.

   We prefer to order new boards (with more  improvements to the circuit) from JLCPCB with assembly service. If they  arrive on time, we can replace the alternative versions. We'll bear the  cost as well.

## Details of the problems with the PCB

Reported by Fedy on Matrix channel:

We start with the design of Holocube last year at exactly 20-11-2021.

The initial design had the following components on a tested and trusted prototype circuit

- MP6050
- CP2104

Due to out-of-stock and other unnamed BoM issues we had to adjust the circuit to fit what was available, although not tested.

Thus we replaced MPU6050 with MPU9250 and

CP2104 with CP2102N

So, we had our first PCB printout (Rev1) on 21-12-202.

After we mounted the the components and tested the circuit, we found out that the VIO of the CP2102N (The changed and untested component) was not properly connected. This was largely due to the ambiguity in the datasheet of the chip. Yet we took the responsibly to fix it. We redesigned and reorder Rev2.

As this component (CP2102N) was a key to test others, we didn't spot the MPU9250 defect (Also one of the changed and untested component) in Rev1. This was the failure of the Rev2. Another challenge was that we found out that FFC LCD connector was not ordered (or maybe misplaced) in our BOM which was essential to connect/mounting the LCD to the extension board. As for the MPU9250, we still don't know the reason for its failure. IMOHO, I suspect the chip itself (MPU9250); as CP210N has the same lead pitch yet it worked in Rev2.

For clarity:

- Rev1: CP2012N failed
- Rev2: MPU9250 failed

These are exactly the replacements we did in the BoM.

Nevertheless, we were agile enough to port our designs (including 3D enclosure) to a dev board that has some feature of the original Holocube and we also soldered an MPU6050 breakout board to it so as to meet the Demo deadlines.

Now, with all these experiences, bearing in mind that anything worth doing is worth doing well, we have redesigned the entire Holocube to circumvent these challenges. Please see the pictures and links of all the parts mentions above and our new considerations below.

Yes, we didn't stop there. We redesigned and reprinted this 3D enclosure with 3 different component parts, 3 times (With our 3D printer for fast iteration) to get it to fit the dev board we used in the integration and Demo 2 weeks ago. The alternative HoloCube using the dev board (ICQUANZX T-Camera ESP32-DOWDQ6) and an MPU6050 breakout board soldered underneath was finished but the cable of the screen is broken while in transport (See picture below). Also, the joystick version was made working on 10.02.2022 actually. However, a loose cable spoiled it until we figured it out at the end of the session.

## Plan for PCB Rev3

The **Rev3** has some advantages that proves a good design and choice.

1. **Improved reliability**: All components are on one PCB board. (i.e. No jumper, flying cable or connector)
2. **Redundancy at almost zero cost**: There are now two USB PHY interface.
   One is directly connected to ESP32-C3 while the other is connected to ESP32-C3 through *CP2104*
3. **Cheaper than Rev1 and Rev2**: We are using only one PCB
4. **Self-contained Device**: We thought it wise to add a battery, a charging unit and a power source selector (USB or Battery) circuit.
   This makes it possible to do away with USB cable and power source while play the game or using the Holocube for other purposes.